## Project Description

This is the front-end of the ALRD research statistics output project. The project was built in `React` with UI framework `Material-UI`, click on [This Link](https://material-ui.com/) to inspect the official document of `Material-UI`

## Project Structure

Here is the project structure tree:

```
.
└── src
    ├── components
    │   ├── CollaborationCountry
    │   │   ├── CollaborationCountry.tsx
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── Keywords
    │   │   └── Keywords.tsx
    │   ├── Latest
    │   │   ├── LatestPublications.tsx
    │   │   └── ...
    │   ├── Overview
    │   │   ├── Overview.tsx
    │   │   └── ...
    │   └── Statistics
    │       └── Statistics.tsx
    ├── interfaces
    │   └── IData.ts
    ├── service
    │   └── api.js
    ├── statics
    └── App.tsx
```

## Components Explained

Inside each component, the data was retrieved asynchronously from the local hosted REST API service. Check the `IData.ts` file to view the data structure.

### Latest

In this component the program generates a latest publication list which contains 5 latest publications ordered by the publish date. Each list item has the same height. Hover the list item to view the complete title of publications.

`LatestPublications` contains a basic card holder and generates `LatestListItem` dynamically.

### Overview

This directory contains 4 different sub-components. `Overview` is the card holder, `OverviewMeta` is the combination of `OverviewTag` and it forms the upper part of the `Overview` card. `OverviewChart` is the bar graph placed in the lower part of the `Overview` card.

### CollaborationCountry

This directory contains 2 sub-components. `CollaborationCountry` is the card holder and `GeographicChart` is the actual graph displayed in this card.

Both graphs are generated by the `react-google-charts` which is based on the `google chart`. [Click Here](https://react-google-charts.com/) to view the documentation of this library.

### Keywords

This directory contains a single `Keywords` component with the same name as the directory. It uses `react-wordcloud` to generate the word cloud and display it on the card. [Click Here](https://react-wordcloud.netlify.com/) to view the documentation.

### Statistics

This directory also contains a single same-name component `Statistics` which crates a table to display top 10 sources and content type summary.

**Once you modified the code, you need to run `npm run build` to rebuild the application. Furthermore, as the default build will include the sourcemap (`.map` files) which allows anyone to view the source code from the browser devtools. If you wish to hide your source code, run** `rm build/static/**/*.map` **to delete sourcemap files**.



## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
